Flyte Agent service docs updates (#1457)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: examples/extending/README.md

### Backend Plugin

Backend plugins can be implemented in one of two ways:

> * As FlytePropellor plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a FlytePropeller plugin
```

* As Flyte Agents that run on the FlyteAgent Service

> If you create a new type of task, you can either run the task in the pod, or you can create a new Flyte Agent to run it. You can determine how the task will be executed in the FlytePropeller configMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new type of task, you can either run the task using a Flytepropeller Go plugin, or you can create a new Flyte Agent to run it. You can determine which plugin to use to run the task in the FlytePropeller configMap.
```
